Now we're going to create our railing that goes around to our castle.
So the first thing we'll do is we'll create an oval on top of our first cylinder so come all the way
up to our top layer and we're going to come to our elliptical tool will Create a cylinder or sorry not
a cylinder an elliptical and we'll fill that in with this dark red.
Go ahead and fill that in.
Let's create a new layer for it.
Then we'll fill it in.
Then let's shrink it down just a bit
.
Now create a new layer.
We'll fill that in with black then will shrink it down and we want to shrink it down so it fits
into our cylinder.
The width of it at least
then will come back down to our red elliptical and we'll delete that selection.
So I'll see we've deleted that area.
Then we can delete our black layer.
Now add a new layer and using this light red color
there is its color.
Now on our new layer we're going to create a horizontal line like so then we'll do a second line underneath
it and then create a new layer above that and we'll create a vertical line like so
then we'll select it and copy paste it and position it next to the first vertical line and we'll paste
it once more
and you'll see they automatically line up with the same distance between them.
So we'll just continue doing that and
then will merge all of this together
.
So now that's one layer and then we're going to delete this edge away
and then we'll copy this paste it and align it next to it to continue our railing
against it.
One last time
and there was our relic.
Let's merge those three layers together and then we're going to cut off the edges of our top and bottom
railing
.
Now we'll select railing will move him down
and using command t will resize them
then using the warp tool.
We're going to warp him around our cylinder shaped
like so.
And there is our railing.
Now we're going to create a loop for this little cylinder up here.
So what we'll do is we'll come to that cylinders later then we will copy the top of the cylinder and
paste them and resize them so is a bit larger than the original cylinder.
And then we'll delete the bottom of him
about there is good.
At least
we'll bring him below our cylinder and then we'll add a new layer.
And we will create an elliptical on this layer
and we will fill it in with this color
then we'll nudge him up
then we're going to grab our small cylinder and we are going to nudge him down
like so
next we are going to select our elliptical shape and we are going to paint in a shadow.
So using this blue color
and make sure you have a brush with a soft edge and we'll keep our opacity at four.
Come down to our elliptical layer and we're going to paint in the center area like so